Automate search index builds (#1302)
ember-learn/guides-source: MAINTAINERS.md

### Updating the guides search

> 1. Create a git tag which would trigger a github action that'll take care of updating the indexes.

Reviewer: Does any tag trigger the release? Maybe this should say:

```suggestion
1. Using the GitHub Releases page, create a git tag for the release version, i.e. `v3.16.0`. Tagging a release using any tag name triggers a github action that'll take care of updating the indexes.
```
